if you've been watching over the past
few days and you haven't I've found
myself in the middle of a battle over
American healthcare after my son Billy
had open-heart surgery at the end of
April the senator of bill Cassidy from
Louisiana came on our show made some
promises and insurances that he did not
keep the reason I had him on the show in
the first place is because he started
telling people that any plan he supports
would have to pass what he called the
Jimmy Kimmel test and then he teamed up
with Senator Lindsey Graham to write a
bill that most definitely does not pass
that test it doesn't protect people from
having their rates jacked up for
pre-existing conditions doesn't prevent
insurance companies from putting
lifetime caps on how much they'll spend
on a person with medical issues and it
cuts a huge amount of money but maybe
even hundreds of billions of dollars in
health care funding and Americans
understandably especially do not like
the idea of being priced out of
insurance for a pre-existing condition
so the president got involved last night
via Twitter of course he wrote I would
not sign graham Cassidy if it did not
include coverage of pre-existing
conditions it does a great bill repeal
and replace which those are the key
words repeal or to replace because for
Donald Trump this isn't about the Graham
Cassie bill it's about getting rid of
Obamacare which he hates primarily
because Obama's name is on it he likes
to have his name on things buildings
[Applause]
and at this point he would sign anything
if it meant getting rid of Obamacare
he'd signed copies of the Quran at the
Barnes & Noble in Fallujah if it meant
he could get rid of Obamacare and then
after I accused bill Cassie of not
telling the truth the president wrote a
tweet of support for him personally he
said senator dr. bill Cassidy is a class
act who really cares about people in
their health care he doesn't lie he just
wants to help people so I tweeted back I
wrote that's great news mr. president
did that mean he'll vote against the
horrible bill he wrote I still haven't
heard back on that but Lindsey Graham
the senator who co-wrote the bill says
Donald Trump is focused like a laser on
health care and I'm guessing he means
he's focused in the same way the cats on
YouTube are focused on lasers I
guarantee he doesn't know anything about
this Graham Cassady bill he doesn't know
the difference between Medicare and
Medicaid he barely knows the difference
between Melania and Ivanka so this
morning
senator Cassidy after you know there's a
lot of interest in this he went on Fox
News to fight back he again said that I
don't understand what I'm talking about
because we haven't spoken for a year
which is not true he was on my show four
months ago but he I don't know what the
point is speaking to him is we spoke he
told me one thing he did another and we
supposed to do that again some people
tell me I should give him the benefit
the doubt and you know what I do give
him the better for the doubt I doubt all
the benefits he claims are not there but
I do want to say about both Cassidy I
who admire what he's done with most of
his life he's a doctor
gastroenterologist he founded a
community clinic in Baton Rouge he's
done good things I just want him to keep
doing good things this plan is not a
good thing his supporters say well you
know he's a doctor and you're not what
do you know well to them I say all of
these very reputable organizations
American Diabetes Association American
Medical Association American Cancer
Society America Heart Association the
list goes on around all of these groups
populated by doctors say this health
care bill is bad they're against it we
haven't seen this many people come
forward to speak out against the bill
since Cosby okay
and they make claim as the President did
it protects people with pre-existing
conditions but it doesn't guarantee them
protection all you need to know is this
this is how the Vice President himself
dodged that question this morning on Fox
and Friends we have folks like Jimmy
Kimmel they're worried about the
pre-existing condition thing because
this will be up to the governor's to
decide how the money's dispersed to gets
coverage every state will determine
what's best for their for their folks
but with that can you guarantee that
these governors will make sure
pre-existing conditions are covered
Thomas Jefferson said government that
governs least governs best I mean the
question that people ought to ask is who
do you think will be more responsive to
the health care needs in your community
your governor and your state legislature
or a congressman and a president and a
far-off nation's capital is neither an
option because I would pick that I'm
pretty sure by the way I think you just
told us we can't trust the president his
argument their argument is that is
better to put these decisions in the
hands of the states and they have you
seen some of our state's if Florida
could make their own decisions it would
be legal to bring an alligator into a
strip club maybe 200 billion dollars in
health care funding the bill would cut
even if states did get to decide that
money would go away and a lot of people
have been saying that I'm not qualified
to talk about this and that is true I'm
not qualified to talk about this but I
think those people forget Bill Cassidy
named this test after me am I supposed
to just be quiet about that some of
these characters they dragged out of the
swamp to defend this this morning Fox
had the other senator from Louisiana
John Kennedy no relation as you will
clearly see this is what he had to say
about me our biggest opponents appear to
be at this point senator Bernie Sanders
and Jimmy Kimmel Bernie is Bernie I
don't know mr. Kimmel he's a funny guy
but I don't think anybody would confuse
him with a well respected health care
expert
I wouldn't take advice from Charlie
Sheen either
listen lady I'm not pretending to be an
expert I'm asking why people like you
aren't listening to actual experts like
the American Medical Association by the
way the fact that Charlie Sheen is still
alive means he probably knows more about
health care than any of us but I
understand the gist of what he say I
should not be the guy you go to for
information on health care and if these
guys like inbred John Kennedy would tell
the truth for a change I wouldn't have
to you know I see these comments from
these angry people they say what
qualifies you to talk about this stuff
you're a comedian go back to being not
funny and I feel like it's my duty to
remind these people who are so concerned
about my qualifications the guy you
voted for for President his job
qualification was this Big Love you
fired
he fired meatloaf on television
[Applause]
right now so I'm going to say it again
it's more important than ever to call
your Senators and tell them not to gut
American health care not to turn their
backs on people with pre-existing
conditions this number will directly to
your senator call him or her encourage
your friends and family to call let me
know how it goes we have until September
30th to try to dodge this bullet
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy